just hate how tan all the time in like
everybody's whispering mommy does that
her mama says her whole family are safe
I like you you don't know anything about
me my family is different
you which we prefer the term castor
now turn 16 my powers will be claimed
treat the light with dark you think you
can keep Elena so good so innocent
wasn't that a saying before I was
claimed and look at what I am now I
don't know what I'll be have seventy
five days left
Seraphine the curse has already begun
nina will not turn dark she's too strong
she's gonna be more powerful than either
of us she will leave
oh don't lock mortals a friend thanks
for long enough
Leena will couldn't do that
is the most powerful dark casserole so
I'm gonna be claimed for the dark no
matter what no you control your own
nature
I'm loving this boy puts you in terrible
danger you'll get the both of you kills
there's got to be a way get out help
stop surfing some things cannot be
stopped
it has become he's already dark I watch
you all here
there's darkness in you don't you try
and I accepted sweetheart be with me we
can rule up our new world